Set frame counter width in the Console (#3302)
TheThingsNetwork/lorawan-stack: CHANGELOG.md

- Support for sending end device uplinks in the Console.
- PHY version filtering based on LoRaWAN MAC in the Console.
- Meta information and status events in the event views in the Console.

> - Support for setting the frame counter width of a device in the Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for setting the frame counter width of an end device in the Console.
```
